.TH "mi600_mysql_simple" 1 0.0.1 "03 Jan 2023" "User Manual"

.SH NAME
mi600_mywql_simple

.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a simple bash command-line tool for direct solar data requests to the Bosswerk MI600 solar inverter. It can read the actual solar power, cumulative daily and total earned energy.
The idea is if data is successfully read, then the data is written into a mysql database.
All configuration like hostname, athentication, mysql configuration is made in the corresponding config file /etc/mi600_mysql_simple.conf
The intention is that this script can be run repeatedly like every minute / hour for continous data recording.
Any proposals and hints welcome.

.SH SYNOPSIS
mi600_mysql_simple

.TP
 
.SH COPYRIGHT
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 MartinRas80

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

.SH CONTACT
 Website: https://github.com/MartinRas80/mi600_mysql_simple

